# Revertable
There has always been contention over whether blockchains should allow reversion when loss has occurred accidentally or the malicious intent.  In bitcoin-derived blockchains, such loss is regarded as final; the transaction has executed as required and the funds have rightly moved.  This is easily justified since the types of transaction are limited and scripting is primitive.  Loss is rarely, if ever, the result of a user executing badly formed script created by another.  Loss can almost always be attributed user error as some point.
In Ethereum, the blockchain executes a collection of complex contracts created by 3rd parties; contracts built on Ethereum are can be considered input data. Unfortunately, the expressiveness of the languages used to create these contracts has opened opportunities for a correctly executed contract (in the eyes of the blockchain) to behave in a way that was not intended by the creator.  In this way, a user can experience loss without an error on their part. 
The Dao hack and more recently, the Parity Frozen Ether debacle are well known examples of such failures, and neither can be attributed to the actions of the party that suffered the loss. These incidents have resulted in heated discussion on wheather and how to recover lost funds.  The contention lies in the fact that the only option is a fork of the blockchain. The Ethereum blockchain, by definition, needs to be immutable in order to be trusted in both these cases it executed flawlessly.  On the other hand, allowing users to lose their funds without error on their part, is an impediment to trust.
This project contends that blockchains should not be responsible for the govenance of the contracts. The blockchain should not need to fork because of 'bad data' in the forem of errors in scripts.  In essence, each contract represents a chain within a chain, that should be responsible for it's own govenance model.  Building this into the contract itself allows flexibility in governance models depending on the application and user community, thus relieving the Blockchain of this responsibility. 
A Revertable contract supports interface discovery (ERC 165+) and the ability to request reversion by any party by defering to a nominated external arbitration contract.  The arbitration contract can use any means to propose or select the reversion process and obtain consesus on whether to execute it.
An arbitration contract represent a trusted human entity (individual, organisation or court), an automous smart contract (eg a DAO), or an oracle.
The arbitration process will result in no action, the execution of code, the replacement of data and/or replacement of the code.
Arbitration has a cost and may require the requester to pay additional fees before reversion proceeds.  The fee schedule will of course be pre-defined as part of the governance model. 
